Improve azure documentation (#108866)
Azure/azure-content: markdown templates/markdown-template-for-support-articles-troubleshoot.md

* *Password validation failed.*
* *Failed to authorize access to the specified subscription.*

> *These errors occur because you cannot access the data source.*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*These errors occur because you don't have permission to access the data source.*
```
